README.md, before:

# Responsive Design Milestone One

This Is the Responsive design project for microverse 2.0 curriculum. in this project we have used HTML and CSS to make a clone of a fully responsive webpage given in the following link. https://perma.cc/M5ZV-Q2D6

I am using float grid and flex and any options I choose to layout and style the options to appear like on the page and we have used media queries to display for mobile view 


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70282171/108868739-2e5eb100-75ff-11eb-8cff-26e77cac16fc.png)


## Built With

- HTML and CSS

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link] [MilestoneOne](https://stephanie041996.github.io/week2Milestone1/)


## Authors

👤 **Author1**
GitHub: @stephanie041996
LinkedIn: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanie-sakuhuni-a81029140/)
👤 Author Stephanie Sakuhuni

👤 **Author2**
GitHub: [@Solenka1](https://github.com/Solenka1)
Twitter: [@GorgiMitev](https://twitter.com/GorgiMitev)
LinkedIn: [gorgi-mitev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gorgi-mitev-a350311b8/)
👤 Author Gorgi Mitev



## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

Commit message:

added how to download and work on project

README.md, after:

# Responsive Design Milestone One

This Is the Responsive design project for microverse 2.0 curriculum. in this project we have used HTML and CSS to make a clone of a fully responsive webpage given in the following link. https://perma.cc/M5ZV-Q2D6

I am using float grid and flex and any options I choose to layout and style the options to appear like on the page and we have used media queries to display for mobile view 


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70282171/108868739-2e5eb100-75ff-11eb-8cff-26e77cac16fc.png)


## Built With

- HTML and CSS

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link] [MilestoneOne](https://stephanie041996.github.io/week2Milestone1/)


## Authors

👤 **Author1**
GitHub: @stephanie041996
LinkedIn: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanie-sakuhuni-a81029140/)
👤 Author Stephanie Sakuhuni

👤 **Author2**
GitHub: [@Solenka1](https://github.com/Solenka1)
Twitter: [@GorgiMitev](https://twitter.com/GorgiMitev)
LinkedIn: [gorgi-mitev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gorgi-mitev-a350311b8/)
👤 Author Gorgi Mitev

## How to Download and copy the project
###Steps by download

1- go on the git reposotory and on the right click code
2- click download ZIP
3 go to download and work on local index and css download

###steps By cloning
1-Now Click on either Git Bash or Git CMD to open the command line shell.

2-Navigate to a convenient location and then type

git clone https://github.com/xanthium-enterprises/Cross-Platform-RS485-Programming-CSharp

to clone the C# RS485 Programming Repository to your PC.

Please replace the URL address with the address of the Repo you want to clone.

This will create a local copy of the repository for you to work with.

Please note that Git Bash is case sensitive.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc
